---
layout: post
title: Elantris by Brandon Sanderson
---

You too can draw yourself to freedom and fame.

- **Title**: Elantris
- **Author**: Brandon Sanderson
- **Published**: April 2005
- **Genre**: Fantasy
- **Pages**: 496 (hardback)
- **Series**: None
- **Film**: None

##### My Thoughts
We follow three main characters throughout the book. Prince Raoden who has succumbed to the mysterious Shaod, converting him to an Elantrian, a fate worse than death. Princess Sarene as she arrives in Arelon to find her betrothed, Prince Raoden, has died. Lastly, Hrathen, a high priest of Shu-Dereth who has come to Arelon to save the people by conversion before his nation's eventual invasion.

Going into Elantris I had zero knowledge about it other than Brandon Sanderson wrote it. I enjoyed Elantris. Although it took me about half the book to get into it. For me the book started to pick up about half way through. I would describe Elantris as more of a mystery novel as we discover along with the characters the secret plots and political undercurrents of Arelon, their religious strugglings, and the lost secrets of Elantris as well as the deep magic that is flowing throughout the world.

The characters are well written and you can feel their deep motivations for their various endeavors. The magic system is well presented and methodically realised as we discover it right along with the characters. I can’t believe this was published in 2005. So much to read and so little time.

[Read more Book Reviews Posts](https://tactictalisman.github.io/book-reviews/)
