---
layout: post
title: Winter’s Heart by Robert Jordan 2022 Reread
---

Hey Mats back.

- **Title**: Winter’s Heart
- **Author**: Robert Jordan
- **Published**: Nov 2020
- **Genre**: Epic Fantasy
- **Pages**: 781 (Paperback)
- **Series**: Book 9 in The Wheel of Time

*Spoilers*

##### Summary
Perrin is getting organized trying to go after his wife. Everyone thinks him and Berelain are a thing.

Elayne and Nynaeve are in Camlyn. Elayne is working to take the throne.

After an entire book and then another 420 pages. We finally get back to Mat in Ebou Dar. He has been laid up healing because a building fell on him. He is slowly trying to find a way to escape the city and the seachen. His charges to rescue slowly grow chapter by chapter. He has his crew Thom and Julian and Vanin and other red arms. Then its one Aes Sedai then its two. Then Egeanin and Bayle Domon. Then some suldam. Noal is in on the party. Tuon and her voice Selica. Basically any named character in Ebou Dar is heading out with him. I thought he got attacked by the Gholam right before he left but I guess not.

Rand is in Far madding in Murandy trying to kill the Asha'man that tried to kill him. After that we will be off with the female and male Choden Kal to try our hand at cleansing the male half of the one power…

##### My Thoughts
I am a sucker for the Mat chapters and really love his story arc from here on out.

Perrin I can't stand pretty much for the rest of the series. I like to call this arc Perrin's 2nd Camping Trip.
Rand is much more present in this book than the last couple and surprisingly well written. He is less moody, at least outwardly. The Far Madding sequence is sort of different. The people he is hunting seem inconsequential maybe this is sort of his crazy coming out.

Also note the next book covers the same time period and we don’t catch up until page 450 or so in Crossroads of Twilight.

[Read more Book Reviews Posts](https://tactictalisman.github.io/book-reviews/)
