---
layout: post
title: New Spring by Robert Jordan 2022 Reread
---

Where do we ride first?

- **Title**: New Spring The Novel
- **Author**: Robert Jordan
- **Published**: January 2004
- **Genre**: Epic Fantasy
- **Pages**: 304
- **Series**: The Wheel of Time

**Spoilers for the whole book**

##### Plot Summary
We meet Lan as a young commander during the Aiel war. He is fighting when the Aiel head back home.
Moraine is an Accepted in the Tower and present when a foretelling that the dragon has been reborn is spoken by only her and two others,  Siuan Sanche, another accepted and the amyrlin seat hear it.
Her and Siuan are quickly caught up in the search to find the Dragon of prophecy. She is also caught up in a plot to put  calm for the throne of her homeland. With the political winds swirling she is raised to full Aes Sedai. She leaves the tower to avoid being caught up in her homeland politics. Setting out to find the Dragon.

Lan hears word that an old lover has raised the Golden Crane, to recapture his lost homeland. He intends to put a stop to it and heads to the capital of Kandor, Chachin. He meets Moraine on the road there.

They both help stop a black ajah aes sedai. Not before they kill several people. They realize the Black Ajah know to look for someone that can channel but don’t realize he is just a baby.


##### My Thoughts
I couldn’t stop thinking about how this was the second to last book that Robert Jordan wrote. The point of view from Moraine is spot on. The tower politics viewed through her eyes is so well done. Jordan feels at his best here. It's a unique perspective of what would have happened if Jordan could have just written out rigger novels in this amazing world he built.

As for the story it feels like the beginning of some grand adventure. Young heroes just setting out, making mistakes and not understanding the real danger that is out there. Cadasune sort of gives some of the on the nose dialogue about this. When she tells Moriane to be very careful and find a warder to watch her back.
 

[Read more Book Reviews Posts](https://tactictalisman.github.io/book-reviews/)
