---
layout: post
title: September 2020 Update
---

Finding a posting cadence.

#### Magic: The Gathering
After the marathon that started with M21 spoilers right into Jumpstart spoilers right into Double Master spoilers it left me a little sick of looking at cards. I need to look for a good calendar that shows when the full spoilers will be out so I don’t have to keep checking for updates.

Not only has the spoilers left sick of looking at cards my wallet is burned out of cash. This is mainly due to Double Masters. I had a hit list of cards to pick up and managed to grab a few things I was looking to get in on the cheap during release weekend.

#### Books
I have been chewing through the Foundation series. Book review posts have been going up. I am also working through the backlog of old book review posts I had from my old blog and migrating them over slowly.

#### Video Games
Even with Factorio 1.0 release it still didn’t pull me away from Rimworld. In Rimworld I started a new tundra map. Using EDB prepare carefully and the reunion mods I am playing the crew of Star Trek Voyager on this drop. If I manage the time I will try and do some write ups as each season passes of what's happened and post a few screenshots. Should be good for a few laughs. I know videos would be nice and all but I just don’t have the time.

#### Blog
Found a magic card pop up viewer for the blog. So I can get serious about posting deck ideas and lists. I can post articles about different strategies or lists with the hover over card pop really a must have if you are going to be posting anything about mtg.

Here is the link to the [https://mtgify.org/](https://mtgify.org/) site I am using simply added in the reference on my site and boom. Tag the cards in the posts works great.

[Read more Update Posts](https://tactictalisman.github.io/updates/)
